Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. - Gary Vaynerchuk
Nothing worth having comes easy. - Theodore Roosevelt
Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough. - Elon Musk
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is too short for long-term grudges. - Elon Musk
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs. - Tony Gaskins Jr.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Entrepreneurship is living a few years of your life like most people won't so you can spend the rest of your life like most people can't. - Warren G. Tracy
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson
Every morning we are born again. What we do today matters most. - Buddha
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
No matter how hard the journey, never lose sight of your destination. - Barack Obama
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln
The only way to do great things is to risk and fail greatly. - Erica Jong
Dream big and don't let anyone tell you that you can't make it happen. - Serena Williams
I don't believe in taking right decisions, I take decisions and then make them right. - Ratan Tata
First principles thinking is about believing in things that are really true, rather than things that we want to be true. - Elon Musk
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. - James Cameron
Let us together work towards a bright future, where every individual has opportunities to grow and prosper. - Narendra Modi
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
Be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. - Tim Notke
My definition of a leader is someone who is always learning and always teaching. - Barack Obama
Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
Your only limit is the amount of action you're willing to take. - Jay Shetty
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the illusion that it's impossible. - Les Brown
The greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk. - Tony Stark/Iron Man
The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
I am Iron Man. The suit doesn't make the hero, it's the person inside. - Tony Stark/Iron Man
Success is not a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important. - Bill Gates
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it's the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The future belongs to those who take action today. - Unknown
Do not wait for opportunities, create them. - Sunday Adelaja
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. - Carl Sagan
The only thing better than success is the journey that leads you there. - Michelle Obama
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
Your attitude determines your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. - Unknown
“Don't count the days, make the days count.” - Muhammad Ali
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
Success is not about becoming someone else, but about becoming the best version of yourself. - Anonymous
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. - Dr. Seuss
The body achieves what the mind believes. - Unknown
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -Sam Levenson
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds. - Orison Swett Marden
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Train like a beast, look like a beauty. - Unknown
The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting. - Walt Disney
Your body can withstand almost anything. It's your mind that you have to convince. - Unknown
Do not let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mahatma Gandhi
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending. - C.S. Lewis
Money is not the goal, but a tool to empower and uplift others on the journey towards success. - Unknown
The true value of money lies in using it wisely to create positive impact and make a meaningful difference in the lives of others. - Unknown
The best way to predict your future financial success is to invest in your skills, knowledge, and mindset today. - Unknown
